Updated Security Model and FAQ pages (#7528)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/internals/security.html.md

going to be invalid. Additional security precautions must also be taken for
items outside of Consul's threat model as noted in sections below.

* **Consul runs just like any other binary.** Consul runs as a single process 

>   binary and obeys the same security requirements as any other application on 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Consul runs just like any other binary.** Consul runs as a single process 
  and obeys the same security requirements as any other application on 
```

  your system. Consul doesn't interact with the host system to change or 
  manipulate security values in any way. Take any precautions or remediation 
  steps that you would normally do for individual processes, based on your 
  operating system. 
  Some example remediation steps you could take are outlined below.
  - Run applications, including Consul, as non-root users with appropriate 
  configurations

>   - Run a secure kernel module, such as the SELinux 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Implement Mandatory Access Control using a kernel security module such as SELinux 
```

>   - Secure against unprivledged users becoming root

Reviewer 2: typo, should be unprivileged
